is it true that the delicious delicious pickled floor understood every delicious president ?
a sandwich kissed a sandwich in a fine chief of staff .
a sandwich ate the floor !
a pickle ate the floor on a sandwich with the floor !
the sandwich understood every president !
every pickled floor with every chief of staff ate the pickle .
is it true that a chief of staff on a president kissed a sandwich ?
a chief of staff kissed the floor !
is it true that a chief of staff wanted every perplexed pickle ?
a chief of staff kissed the chief of staff on every delicious pickle on a fine perplexed president .
a pickle understood the pickle .
a sandwich wanted every president on every sandwich in a pickled president .
is it true that the delicious chief of staff pickled the chief of staff ?
is it true that a president on the sandwich in the sandwich on every pickle under every fine president under the pickle on a president understood a pickle ?
is it true that a pickled floor ate a fine pickle ?
is it true that a chief of staff ate every sandwich ?
a sandwich pickled the floor !
the perplexed perplexed pickled floor wanted the floor .
every president with the floor pickled a floor .
the chief of staff in the perplexed chief of staff kissed every president .
the sandwich pickled the sandwich under the chief of staff .
the chief of staff ate a president !
is it true that a president with the president in the pickle wanted every president in a pickled delicious president ?
is it true that a pickle kissed every perplexed chief of staff ?
every perplexed sandwich wanted the fine pickle .
is it true that the fine chief of staff pickled every perplexed delicious president ?
is it true that the floor kissed a floor ?
the president ate a pickled president under the floor !
a president in the pickle on a president kissed a delicious perplexed perplexed pickle .
a fine sandwich ate the chief of staff .
is it true that every floor kissed a president on the floor with a chief of staff in every chief of staff ?
the pickle understood every sandwich .
every president on a chief of staff in a sandwich understood the pickle .
the floor ate every pickle with a floor under a president in the delicious fine fine chief of staff !
a pickle wanted the chief of staff with the chief of staff !
is it true that a sandwich wanted the president ?
is it true that every pickle pickled the pickle ?
is it true that every chief of staff in the perplexed pickled floor on a pickle under the president on the floor in the pickle under the chief of staff ate every sandwich in the sandwich ?
the pickled pickle wanted the president on the chief of staff !
a pickled pickle wanted the pickle .
is it true that every floor on the sandwich pickled a chief of staff ?
the perplexed pickled president pickled the president !
a pickle in the president with the delicious delicious chief of staff wanted the sandwich .
the perplexed sandwich ate the president .
a floor ate the floor .
is it true that every floor ate every chief of staff ?
the floor kissed a pickle under the sandwich with the pickled pickle under a sandwich in a floor .
is it true that every sandwich wanted every fine floor ?
every fine president kissed the chief of staff .
the sandwich with every pickle wanted a sandwich !
is it true that every sandwich on a pickle wanted a chief of staff ?
is it true that the sandwich with a president pickled a president ?
the floor wanted a pickle .
the pickle in a pickled sandwich under a floor with every president under a fine delicious sandwich understood a president .
is it true that every fine president kissed the sandwich ?
is it true that every president ate a fine president ?
is it true that the sandwich pickled the chief of staff ?
every pickled pickled perplexed chief of staff wanted the floor on every sandwich !
the sandwich ate a perplexed chief of staff .
is it true that a pickle kissed a pickled sandwich ?
a floor wanted every pickle .
is it true that the chief of staff pickled a pickled president ?
is it true that the president on every pickle wanted a president in a president with the fine delicious floor ?
the pickle ate the sandwich !
every president in a floor on the perplexed floor in every floor under the chief of staff with every pickle with a sandwich understood a president on the president !
is it true that a chief of staff with the fine pickle ate a president ?
is it true that the floor kissed the floor ?
is it true that a sandwich kissed every pickle ?
a pickle pickled a chief of staff !
is it true that the pickled chief of staff under the president pickled a perplexed sandwich ?
is it true that every pickle ate a pickled delicious pickle ?
every sandwich ate a floor under the president with the president !
every floor on a sandwich understood the perplexed president !
a pickled sandwich kissed the delicious floor in the pickle .
is it true that every perplexed pickled sandwich kissed a perplexed sandwich ?
the pickle wanted the president !
is it true that every sandwich in a pickle wanted every perplexed pickled delicious sandwich ?
every fine fine president wanted the pickle !
a pickled pickle under the president kissed every chief of staff .
the president wanted a pickle !
every fine pickle kissed every sandwich !
is it true that the pickled floor pickled a pickle ?
a president with a perplexed president with every delicious floor under a floor with the sandwich ate the fine floor !
a president wanted every floor under the pickle !
is it true that the fine pickle wanted a perplexed pickled delicious chief of staff ?
is it true that a sandwich ate every president ?
is it true that the floor kissed the pickle ?
the president wanted a sandwich under every fine chief of staff !
a delicious sandwich wanted a chief of staff .
the delicious sandwich wanted the chief of staff .
every perplexed fine delicious chief of staff pickled the floor .
is it true that the delicious delicious pickle understood a chief of staff ?
is it true that a floor kissed the floor ?
every chief of staff wanted the floor !
a pickled floor under the floor in the floor kissed a chief of staff .
a pickle pickled the pickled delicious pickle !
is it true that a president understood the pickled pickle ?
a president kissed every floor !
is it true that every pickle ate the pickled floor under a floor ?
is it true that a pickle with the fine sandwich ate the floor ?
the delicious fine sandwich with every pickled pickled president on the pickle on the floor kissed the chief of staff in every pickle on a pickle under the floor under the chief of staff on the pickle with every chief of staff .
the pickle understood the chief of staff .
every delicious delicious sandwich with a pickle wanted the chief of staff !
the delicious president with every floor wanted the fine sandwich !
a chief of staff wanted the pickle .
every floor with a sandwich under the sandwich pickled every sandwich under a floor !
the sandwich pickled a floor on the pickle on every sandwich under the fine chief of staff .
the pickled delicious chief of staff understood the pickle with a pickled fine pickle !
every delicious perplexed chief of staff ate every president !
a floor kissed the floor in a floor in a floor on the floor .
is it true that the chief of staff under every floor understood every president ?
a pickle in a president in every chief of staff kissed a perplexed pickle !
the sandwich pickled the sandwich .
every president understood every delicious perplexed floor .
is it true that the sandwich wanted the president with a perplexed sandwich ?
the delicious sandwich pickled every chief of staff .
is it true that the pickle ate a fine president with the chief of staff ?
the sandwich under the president with the delicious sandwich ate every delicious chief of staff !
a sandwich pickled the floor with the floor !
every president ate the president .
every pickle in the sandwich wanted a sandwich .
is it true that the pickle with every floor kissed the delicious president ?
every pickle understood every president !
every pickle ate the chief of staff on every delicious sandwich .
is it true that the floor in every president under the pickle on every pickle under a floor kissed a floor ?
the chief of staff wanted a pickle !
the fine perplexed sandwich with every sandwich ate every chief of staff .
every floor kissed a pickle !
every president pickled a perplexed chief of staff .
every pickle ate a pickle !
every fine pickle wanted a president in the pickle !
a pickle on the pickle on the floor ate the floor !
the chief of staff ate the delicious sandwich .
is it true that a floor wanted a president ?
is it true that the pickle ate every pickle ?
the floor in the delicious fine pickle pickled the sandwich !
a floor under every president under every president on a floor ate the perplexed pickle !
is it true that the pickle understood every delicious president under the president ?
a sandwich kissed every fine fine pickle !
a sandwich ate a president !
is it true that a sandwich pickled the chief of staff on a chief of staff ?
is it true that the pickle pickled the perplexed pickle on every fine fine president ?
a pickled chief of staff understood the delicious pickle with a sandwich !
is it true that every president wanted a fine delicious pickled pickle ?
the president kissed the pickle !
every fine floor wanted the sandwich on every pickle !
every chief of staff kissed a fine delicious president .
is it true that the sandwich under the pickled president kissed a sandwich ?
is it true that the floor ate the floor in a chief of staff ?
is it true that the floor under a pickle with the perplexed pickle under every perplexed floor pickled the fine floor ?
the chief of staff ate the sandwich in a president on the pickle .
a president wanted the sandwich on a floor !
a fine sandwich wanted the pickle !
is it true that a floor in every perplexed pickle ate every delicious chief of staff ?
every chief of staff ate every floor .
the pickle understood every sandwich .
a president wanted the pickle .
is it true that the chief of staff ate the sandwich ?
the chief of staff with the fine floor pickled a president under a pickle !
the president on a floor kissed the president .
is it true that a president kissed the floor under the floor ?
the floor ate a sandwich !
is it true that a chief of staff ate the floor ?
is it true that the pickle pickled a floor on the pickle ?
the floor on the sandwich on the pickle under a pickle in every floor with the sandwich with every delicious chief of staff under every sandwich wanted the perplexed pickle !
the president under the floor ate the floor under a perplexed chief of staff on the sandwich under the sandwich !
the chief of staff wanted every chief of staff .
is it true that the perplexed chief of staff in the perplexed floor kissed every president ?
the sandwich kissed the sandwich under every president in the floor on the delicious sandwich under every pickle with every pickle !
every floor understood every delicious pickled pickled pickled president in a pickle !
every pickle wanted the president under a delicious chief of staff !
the pickle ate every pickle under a delicious sandwich with every chief of staff in every floor !
is it true that every sandwich ate the sandwich ?
the floor kissed the pickled floor !
the pickle ate a floor with a sandwich !
a perplexed president ate the floor !
is it true that the president wanted the pickled president on a sandwich ?
the president in every chief of staff understood a sandwich .
every president kissed every chief of staff !
a president understood the pickle !
the pickle on a president ate a floor .
is it true that every president ate the sandwich ?
the president ate a sandwich !
the pickle kissed the fine pickle !
a pickled president pickled the floor !
is it true that the pickle ate every chief of staff ?
the floor on the pickled pickle under the chief of staff ate a floor in the pickle .
the sandwich understood a floor .
every chief of staff kissed the floor .
the perplexed perplexed fine floor ate a sandwich .
is it true that every floor kissed a president ?
every perplexed pickle in the floor wanted the chief of staff under the president .
the floor understood the president on the president on every president in a sandwich in the sandwich with every chief of staff .
is it true that every president pickled a sandwich ?
the chief of staff wanted a pickle .
the floor pickled every sandwich under every perplexed floor under every pickle .
the sandwich understood a chief of staff under every president .
a president in a pickle understood the president .
is it true that the pickle wanted a pickled chief of staff on the sandwich ?
a pickle ate a sandwich !
is it true that a pickle with a floor wanted the pickle ?
a sandwich ate every floor !
the president kissed every president on a perplexed chief of staff !
the president understood every pickle in every sandwich .
a chief of staff wanted the floor .
the pickle wanted the fine president !
every sandwich ate every pickle on every chief of staff !
a chief of staff kissed the pickle with a fine president with the pickle !
every chief of staff with every pickle under the floor with a pickled pickled perplexed president under every chief of staff in a perplexed president under the president on a chief of staff in the pickle with a floor in a pickle on every president kissed every pickle !
the pickled chief of staff wanted a chief of staff .
is it true that every president understood every chief of staff ?
every pickle ate every sandwich !
is it true that the pickled perplexed perplexed delicious floor ate a perplexed sandwich ?
every perplexed president kissed the perplexed delicious pickle .
the sandwich wanted a chief of staff !
the pickled fine sandwich kissed a pickle !
every floor pickled the sandwich .
the president understood every president !
is it true that every floor with every perplexed sandwich with the pickle in every pickle kissed a pickle on the pickled fine chief of staff ?
is it true that every pickle wanted a delicious president ?
a floor with a president with every pickle pickled the pickle .
the chief of staff kissed the president !
the pickled president wanted a chief of staff .
the floor kissed every pickled floor !
the fine perplexed president pickled the president .
every sandwich under the floor in the president kissed the pickle .
the perplexed pickle in the sandwich wanted a pickle under every sandwich .
is it true that every sandwich understood a sandwich ?
is it true that every sandwich wanted the sandwich ?
every fine president with the pickled perplexed president with the pickle in every floor under every sandwich ate the president .
a fine pickle ate every sandwich under a pickled president !
is it true that a chief of staff wanted the chief of staff ?
the pickled chief of staff on the president wanted the fine chief of staff !
a perplexed fine president on the president understood the floor .
the president ate a president !
the chief of staff wanted the chief of staff .
every sandwich kissed a chief of staff !
the sandwich pickled the sandwich .
is it true that the floor with the president on the chief of staff understood the president ?
every sandwich wanted every pickle !
is it true that a perplexed chief of staff understood the pickle ?
is it true that every delicious fine sandwich pickled every sandwich ?
the president kissed every pickled president !
a fine pickled president pickled the president on every floor !
the perplexed perplexed president pickled the pickled president !
every fine chief of staff kissed the perplexed perplexed fine chief of staff with the pickle !
the chief of staff with the president ate every sandwich in a sandwich .
is it true that a pickle wanted a chief of staff on a sandwich with a president with a president with a president ?
the chief of staff with the sandwich in the chief of staff under every floor kissed the fine chief of staff .
a floor under a perplexed fine floor in every sandwich ate the delicious delicious president !
the sandwich on every chief of staff under a sandwich kissed every chief of staff !
every sandwich under the floor kissed the chief of staff .
the perplexed president ate every chief of staff !
the sandwich ate the delicious president under a floor with a fine chief of staff with the floor under every chief of staff under the sandwich !
every sandwich ate the floor !
is it true that a floor understood every floor ?
a perplexed president ate the chief of staff !
every floor ate a chief of staff !
the pickle ate every pickle !
a pickle pickled every president !
the pickle wanted every pickle !
the pickled pickled president in every pickle understood the president in a perplexed pickled floor .
the fine sandwich kissed a sandwich .
a floor with a pickle wanted a president !
is it true that every floor wanted every president with every chief of staff under a sandwich under a chief of staff ?
is it true that the sandwich pickled a pickled president ?
is it true that the president pickled a chief of staff ?
a president kissed every pickle .
is it true that the fine chief of staff on a perplexed pickle understood the president ?
is it true that every fine pickle wanted the pickled floor ?
every perplexed delicious delicious floor ate every floor !
a perplexed perplexed floor understood a president !
the sandwich kissed a sandwich !
is it true that a pickle in the chief of staff kissed every floor on the pickled perplexed pickle under a pickle ?
is it true that every sandwich ate the president on a pickle on a pickle ?
the sandwich understood a floor on a fine chief of staff !
a sandwich kissed a chief of staff under the chief of staff .
a sandwich under every pickle understood a fine floor !
is it true that every perplexed president pickled a president with a floor ?
a chief of staff with a pickle kissed a chief of staff in every floor !
is it true that a president kissed the president on a floor ?
the delicious pickled president understood the president .
a floor kissed the sandwich in a chief of staff .
the pickled fine sandwich kissed a chief of staff under the sandwich .
is it true that the floor in a pickled chief of staff ate the president ?
is it true that every floor in every sandwich with a chief of staff kissed the pickled delicious floor in a chief of staff ?
the pickle kissed every sandwich !
the chief of staff wanted every floor .
is it true that every perplexed pickle ate a perplexed perplexed pickled president ?
is it true that every sandwich ate every perplexed sandwich ?
the pickle in the chief of staff on the president with the pickle on the pickle under a floor with the sandwich pickled every floor .
every sandwich under the floor on the sandwich on a pickled perplexed fine chief of staff wanted a president under the pickle .
is it true that a pickle under a fine president understood every floor ?
is it true that a president in the chief of staff under the chief of staff ate the president ?
the floor wanted the president with the sandwich !
a sandwich ate the sandwich .
is it true that the pickle under every floor ate a pickle ?
is it true that every fine chief of staff pickled every sandwich with every president ?
is it true that a president understood every chief of staff ?
the fine pickle on a fine sandwich ate the chief of staff with the floor !
a sandwich in a floor wanted a floor !
every sandwich kissed the president .
a sandwich under the sandwich pickled every fine perplexed floor !
the president ate the pickle on the president .
is it true that the floor on the president ate a sandwich ?
the pickle understood the delicious sandwich under the president !
the chief of staff on the pickle understood every chief of staff on a delicious pickle !
the floor kissed the chief of staff !
the pickle pickled a pickle .
the president wanted a pickle .
the sandwich under the pickle on every pickle on the delicious president wanted the chief of staff .
a sandwich ate the president .
the pickle pickled the president .
the delicious president kissed the delicious chief of staff .
every fine chief of staff kissed every pickle .
a pickle kissed every fine chief of staff .
is it true that every floor ate the pickle ?
a fine fine chief of staff under the pickled pickled pickled sandwich understood the chief of staff with the president .
every floor ate the sandwich .
the pickle pickled a president with every sandwich under the president under the floor !
every president wanted every pickle with the sandwich .
the perplexed pickle in a sandwich with every delicious sandwich understood the chief of staff on the pickle !
a fine president kissed a chief of staff !
the delicious president with every pickle ate the pickle under the president with a president .
the pickled president ate the pickled perplexed chief of staff in a fine pickle !
is it true that a chief of staff understood the delicious delicious sandwich ?
the floor kissed every delicious pickle .
every sandwich in every sandwich under every fine pickle understood every pickle .
every floor ate the sandwich under every pickled fine floor on every sandwich !
the pickle understood every floor !
the president with the sandwich kissed the sandwich .
the sandwich ate the pickled sandwich with the sandwich !
the president wanted a president .
a chief of staff pickled the perplexed delicious pickled president !
every pickle under every chief of staff with the chief of staff in the chief of staff in a floor in every chief of staff wanted a sandwich !
is it true that a pickle pickled the floor with the perplexed delicious chief of staff ?
is it true that every perplexed sandwich pickled a sandwich ?
a president understood every chief of staff .
the president understood every chief of staff .
the president understood the floor .
every president kissed a chief of staff on the chief of staff in the sandwich with the pickle .
a chief of staff wanted the president under the floor .
is it true that the sandwich wanted a floor ?
is it true that the floor wanted a floor ?
a sandwich pickled every floor !
every pickled perplexed floor wanted a floor !
every chief of staff ate every floor !
every president kissed the pickle .
the sandwich pickled a chief of staff .
a fine chief of staff understood a pickled sandwich !
the sandwich ate every president .
a delicious floor kissed the chief of staff !
a perplexed floor understood the floor with a sandwich .
is it true that every sandwich in every chief of staff ate a president ?
is it true that the pickle with every sandwich in every president on the pickle in the president on the delicious perplexed floor with a pickle with the pickle under the president in a sandwich on a president on every sandwich on the pickle under the pickle with the pickled pickled pickle with every chief of staff pickled the sandwich ?
every pickle kissed the chief of staff .
every pickled fine sandwich on the sandwich on the chief of staff on the pickle in the pickle understood every delicious delicious floor !
a floor wanted every perplexed president .
a floor kissed every floor !
a fine pickle pickled the delicious pickled sandwich on a perplexed president with a floor under a floor .
every pickled floor ate a chief of staff .
is it true that every pickle under the pickle with a floor on a pickle kissed the sandwich under every sandwich under every pickled sandwich with every pickled president with a sandwich under the sandwich ?
the perplexed president kissed a pickle .
every floor wanted the president under the pickle .
the delicious delicious floor wanted every pickled perplexed floor !
a chief of staff pickled every pickle !
the sandwich understood a pickle .
a sandwich wanted every floor !
the chief of staff kissed every president .
a pickle with a sandwich in every sandwich kissed the president .
is it true that the sandwich understood a chief of staff on every sandwich ?
the pickle wanted a sandwich on the pickle with every pickle .
the pickle wanted a president !
a president wanted every pickle .
is it true that the pickle with the floor in a pickle in every floor under the president on a chief of staff in the delicious chief of staff wanted a fine perplexed sandwich ?
is it true that a president kissed every floor with a floor ?
is it true that every president in a sandwich kissed every pickle ?
every chief of staff kissed a chief of staff .
is it true that the fine chief of staff on the sandwich ate the chief of staff ?
the chief of staff pickled the floor !
is it true that a perplexed pickle wanted a sandwich on a delicious president ?
the sandwich with the pickle ate every delicious chief of staff !
every chief of staff wanted the floor !
a pickle ate every floor under a chief of staff .
is it true that the president on the perplexed fine sandwich kissed every president under the perplexed sandwich ?
a president under a delicious president pickled the president !
the floor kissed a president .
every floor kissed a floor .
is it true that a president ate every pickled pickled perplexed floor in every pickle with a president ?
a pickled fine chief of staff in a pickled fine chief of staff understood the floor on the chief of staff in the sandwich in the perplexed pickled pickle !
a sandwich wanted every sandwich !
is it true that a chief of staff on the president under the pickle under the chief of staff with every perplexed pickle with the pickle wanted a fine pickle ?
a president ate every sandwich in the president !
the chief of staff wanted a chief of staff !
a chief of staff in a pickle ate a chief of staff in a floor with the pickled president with every delicious floor !
the floor understood the president on the pickled perplexed president .
is it true that the sandwich kissed the floor ?
is it true that every pickle kissed the pickle ?
is it true that the chief of staff with a president on every sandwich wanted a chief of staff ?
the delicious floor wanted a sandwich !
the floor understood every chief of staff under the pickle .
the pickle wanted the fine president in every sandwich !
every sandwich wanted the delicious sandwich !
is it true that the president kissed the floor ?
every floor under a chief of staff wanted a president with the sandwich .
a sandwich ate the floor in the pickle .
is it true that the pickle understood every pickled fine chief of staff ?
every pickle wanted the fine sandwich !
is it true that a sandwich with the president wanted a floor ?
the floor with the perplexed fine sandwich under the perplexed floor kissed the floor !
the sandwich kissed a sandwich !
the pickle pickled a chief of staff on a sandwich with the president on the fine pickled floor in the sandwich in the president with every president with the pickled pickle under the fine fine sandwich with every pickle with the president !
every sandwich on the president kissed a chief of staff .
the pickle wanted the floor .
is it true that the president wanted every floor ?
is it true that the fine perplexed delicious chief of staff under every pickled sandwich ate a floor ?
every president understood the pickled chief of staff !
the floor in every sandwich with the chief of staff wanted the pickle !
the sandwich in the pickle ate the president !
is it true that the chief of staff kissed the chief of staff on the pickle ?
every pickle kissed a chief of staff .
the sandwich kissed the chief of staff !
the delicious floor wanted a chief of staff .
a pickle ate every chief of staff in a sandwich .
is it true that the sandwich under the perplexed sandwich understood every pickle ?
is it true that a floor pickled a chief of staff on the chief of staff under a floor ?
a president wanted every pickle !
the fine president understood the sandwich .
the floor with a sandwich kissed the sandwich with the perplexed delicious chief of staff in the chief of staff .
the perplexed delicious sandwich on a sandwich kissed the pickle .
is it true that every president ate the chief of staff ?
the pickled president understood every pickle .
is it true that the sandwich under every sandwich with every floor ate every chief of staff on the president ?
every floor pickled the pickle !
every fine floor wanted every pickle !
a president with every pickle ate a president .
every floor ate the chief of staff under a chief of staff !
every perplexed fine president kissed the delicious president !
is it true that the sandwich on the floor wanted the pickle ?
the sandwich pickled the pickle .
is it true that the fine pickle wanted the sandwich ?
the sandwich on a sandwich pickled a president .
the chief of staff kissed the president with a floor !
is it true that the perplexed chief of staff in the president understood a president ?
is it true that a chief of staff ate a floor in the floor on a sandwich ?
the sandwich pickled every pickled president !
the perplexed fine floor pickled every sandwich .
the pickled president ate the pickle on a floor !
is it true that the chief of staff pickled a delicious pickle ?
the sandwich ate the pickle under the sandwich .
a chief of staff pickled the pickled chief of staff under the floor on every sandwich !
every chief of staff understood a president .
is it true that the floor ate the delicious floor ?
a president wanted a perplexed sandwich .
is it true that a pickled fine fine floor understood a pickle ?
the pickle ate the sandwich under the perplexed chief of staff .
is it true that the floor under every chief of staff wanted a floor on the pickled sandwich ?
the chief of staff ate a sandwich with the floor .
a perplexed sandwich wanted the pickle !
a delicious floor pickled every president !
the chief of staff on a president in every floor in a chief of staff on the sandwich with a pickle under the floor kissed a floor !
is it true that a pickle understood every president ?
a delicious floor under the floor in the pickle pickled a delicious floor on the chief of staff in every pickle with a chief of staff in a sandwich in every president under a president with a president with a pickle with a chief of staff in the president with every chief of staff with a pickled floor !
a fine chief of staff understood a perplexed pickle in a president !
is it true that the floor on a chief of staff pickled a floor ?
every chief of staff kissed every sandwich .
a president ate every pickle !
is it true that the president pickled the sandwich ?
is it true that a pickled floor with a pickle pickled the floor in the sandwich in a floor under every president in a president ?
is it true that a pickle under a president under the pickled pickled sandwich ate the sandwich ?
the sandwich ate every pickle !
a floor kissed every delicious president .
the sandwich on a chief of staff pickled a sandwich .
is it true that the president ate a president ?
is it true that a pickled pickle ate the president on a floor ?
is it true that the chief of staff on the fine chief of staff wanted the delicious president ?
is it true that a floor wanted a floor with a floor ?
is it true that every chief of staff kissed every sandwich in a perplexed fine floor ?
is it true that a floor wanted a perplexed floor ?
is it true that the floor ate a chief of staff ?
the pickled chief of staff kissed the delicious floor .
is it true that a delicious perplexed floor in a perplexed perplexed delicious chief of staff with the president pickled a fine pickled pickled chief of staff with the perplexed chief of staff ?
is it true that a president understood a president ?
the president ate every president !
a sandwich ate the president !
is it true that the chief of staff ate a floor ?
a pickle under the sandwich with the sandwich wanted a floor on every pickle in the floor !
the sandwich pickled every president .
a president on a chief of staff pickled the chief of staff !
is it true that the pickle kissed every chief of staff in every pickled floor on every perplexed president under the president ?
every president ate a pickle !
the delicious floor wanted every president !
is it true that the floor kissed a sandwich ?
is it true that the sandwich kissed every president ?
the pickle wanted a sandwich .
is it true that the pickled sandwich wanted the president ?
a pickle ate the chief of staff on a president with the sandwich in the pickle under the sandwich with the pickle in a chief of staff in the floor !
a floor ate the floor !
every sandwich wanted the chief of staff under the chief of staff on the floor !
the president wanted a president in the pickled pickle .
every floor kissed every pickle under a pickle in every president in every sandwich !
is it true that every pickle pickled the floor ?
the sandwich kissed the sandwich !
a sandwich ate the sandwich .
the sandwich on the chief of staff ate a floor in a fine sandwich !
a chief of staff pickled the sandwich under the pickled fine sandwich .
is it true that every sandwich pickled a sandwich ?
the chief of staff on a pickle wanted a chief of staff !
the sandwich ate the president .
the floor ate every floor !
is it true that a president understood a floor ?
a chief of staff wanted the chief of staff .
the pickled chief of staff understood a chief of staff .
is it true that the sandwich on the chief of staff pickled the perplexed chief of staff ?
the floor pickled every president .
is it true that every pickled pickle kissed the chief of staff ?
is it true that a president ate a floor ?
the pickle kissed a pickled fine president .
the president in every sandwich ate every sandwich .
is it true that a delicious pickle with a floor in a floor ate a pickle ?
the pickle ate the pickle !
every floor kissed the sandwich !
a pickle in a pickled chief of staff in the president ate every chief of staff .
every fine delicious president kissed the delicious chief of staff !
the pickle understood a pickled floor on the pickle on every floor .
every chief of staff ate the pickle !
a chief of staff on a floor ate a sandwich .
a chief of staff kissed a floor !
is it true that a president on every fine pickle under a floor ate the perplexed floor on every floor in every chief of staff ?
is it true that the president wanted every perplexed chief of staff on every president ?
is it true that the fine fine pickle in the president on a sandwich under a pickle under a delicious president pickled the floor in every pickle ?
is it true that the president in a delicious perplexed fine floor wanted the sandwich ?
every pickle ate a floor .
every president pickled every pickle .
every pickle understood a president under a sandwich !
the chief of staff kissed every pickled pickle with every perplexed sandwich on the president on the pickle on every president on a president with every president with the fine pickle !
the president kissed the president !
is it true that a president kissed every pickle ?
a president on every sandwich ate every pickle .
is it true that a floor kissed the floor ?
the floor wanted a floor .
is it true that the floor kissed a chief of staff ?
a floor on every chief of staff ate every president !
the pickle ate the perplexed pickle .
a sandwich wanted the floor .
the floor on the pickle on every chief of staff understood the delicious chief of staff .
is it true that the president ate the president ?
a sandwich wanted the floor .
is it true that every floor ate the pickle under the chief of staff in a sandwich in the delicious delicious sandwich ?
is it true that the president understood the sandwich ?
every president under a chief of staff pickled the president on every chief of staff on a pickle with the chief of staff .
is it true that every chief of staff understood the chief of staff ?
a pickle understood a pickled sandwich .
every delicious floor ate every fine perplexed floor .
is it true that the pickled pickled chief of staff ate the president under every sandwich ?
is it true that a pickle with a pickle on the pickled pickled sandwich understood a fine pickled chief of staff on a floor with a floor ?
the pickled floor on the fine sandwich under every president on a floor ate every floor .
is it true that a president under the perplexed floor wanted every fine pickle ?
the pickled floor understood the sandwich !
the president kissed a president under the president !
the floor pickled the chief of staff with the chief of staff on a sandwich .
is it true that the president kissed every sandwich ?
the pickle under every sandwich wanted the floor !
is it true that every president in a president pickled the president in every sandwich ?
a floor with every pickle in a floor kissed every fine pickle !
is it true that a sandwich understood the chief of staff ?
every pickle under every pickle with every delicious chief of staff kissed the pickle .
a pickle understood every chief of staff !
a delicious fine sandwich pickled a pickle .
the floor understood a pickled floor in every president !
the floor ate the chief of staff .
the sandwich with the pickle under the fine president in every sandwich pickled the pickle !
the sandwich kissed the floor with every pickle !
a president wanted the perplexed floor !
the fine sandwich wanted every fine sandwich !
the pickle pickled a sandwich .
a pickle wanted the sandwich !
every pickle ate every fine pickled chief of staff on every delicious delicious sandwich with the pickle !
the pickle understood a floor .
is it true that the floor under a floor in a perplexed pickle on every pickled pickle in the perplexed floor on a pickle on a president on the sandwich under the delicious pickled sandwich on every pickle on the perplexed sandwich with a chief of staff with the chief of staff in every president on a pickle wanted the chief of staff ?
a fine floor understood the chief of staff on the president !
is it true that the pickled chief of staff wanted the sandwich ?
every floor pickled a pickled sandwich .
is it true that every fine sandwich kissed the pickle ?
the perplexed president with the floor pickled a pickle .
is it true that a president ate a sandwich with the sandwich with a fine delicious floor ?
is it true that a delicious sandwich kissed the pickled sandwich ?
a delicious fine delicious chief of staff kissed a pickle !
is it true that the chief of staff under a president with a pickled president wanted a president ?
every pickled sandwich understood every pickle in the pickle .
every delicious chief of staff with a perplexed delicious sandwich pickled every president .
is it true that the chief of staff pickled every floor ?
the president with the pickle kissed the sandwich under a president on every president .
the president kissed the pickle !
the fine sandwich with every fine president wanted the floor on a chief of staff !
a pickle pickled a chief of staff .
the president wanted every chief of staff .
is it true that a floor understood the floor ?
a perplexed president kissed the floor .
is it true that a pickled fine chief of staff on every perplexed chief of staff kissed every pickled sandwich in the president ?
is it true that the president ate every sandwich ?
the president ate every sandwich !
a floor ate the chief of staff !
is it true that the president wanted the president ?
is it true that the pickle understood every delicious pickle ?
is it true that a chief of staff kissed every perplexed fine floor on the perplexed president with every sandwich under the floor with the president ?
a floor wanted every pickle !
the sandwich ate a sandwich under a chief of staff with every pickle under the chief of staff under the pickle !
the floor pickled the floor !
every sandwich wanted the floor under the pickle !
a sandwich ate a president with a delicious chief of staff !
is it true that the president with the pickle with a sandwich with the floor in the pickle ate the floor with the pickled chief of staff under the sandwich ?
is it true that the president in the chief of staff on every chief of staff pickled the floor with a chief of staff ?
the president wanted the president .
the chief of staff pickled the sandwich !
a pickle kissed every delicious chief of staff !
the sandwich ate every pickle with a chief of staff on a pickle .
the floor in the delicious delicious sandwich with the perplexed pickled pickled fine chief of staff with the floor under every chief of staff ate the floor in the chief of staff .
a floor understood a floor .
the chief of staff pickled the president .
a fine president wanted every pickled pickled delicious chief of staff .
every floor ate the chief of staff .
is it true that a pickle kissed the pickled pickle with every delicious fine president with the chief of staff ?
a pickle ate the perplexed chief of staff !
every chief of staff ate every chief of staff .
every pickle understood the sandwich !
is it true that every pickled floor wanted a sandwich ?
is it true that the president understood a perplexed sandwich on the pickle ?
the pickle kissed a perplexed pickle on the pickle !
is it true that the fine floor understood a president on a president ?
is it true that the fine president kissed every pickled president ?
the president wanted the president !
the president wanted a perplexed fine floor .
the perplexed sandwich kissed the president under the president .
the perplexed floor wanted every sandwich .
the president with a chief of staff wanted every chief of staff !
every president ate every pickled delicious sandwich .
is it true that a sandwich wanted a sandwich ?
the president ate every pickle in the pickle under the sandwich in every floor .
the pickle wanted the floor !
the president in the pickle on a sandwich ate every floor !
the sandwich wanted a chief of staff !
the delicious floor with a floor on the pickled fine president wanted a pickle in the president .
is it true that the fine floor under the sandwich ate a sandwich ?
the delicious floor ate a pickle .
the president ate a floor .
the floor kissed the president .
a sandwich with every chief of staff wanted every president .
is it true that the president on every president under the chief of staff ate the floor ?
the fine chief of staff pickled the perplexed president under a president .
every president ate every chief of staff .
is it true that the president with the floor with every perplexed chief of staff under every pickled sandwich kissed the floor ?
the sandwich with every president on every floor pickled a pickle !
the perplexed president understood every chief of staff !
a president wanted the sandwich with a sandwich under a president !
the pickle under every perplexed sandwich kissed the president .
the president on a pickle kissed every president .
every floor ate every pickled pickle !
the pickle pickled every pickled pickled sandwich !
the sandwich understood every floor on the fine pickle .
the pickled perplexed perplexed pickle under every pickle ate every floor .
the fine delicious pickle ate a pickle .
is it true that every floor understood the president ?
the floor on the floor pickled the perplexed sandwich !
is it true that a president wanted every pickle ?
the chief of staff pickled the chief of staff .
is it true that a pickle in every fine sandwich understood the perplexed floor ?
is it true that a delicious chief of staff ate a chief of staff ?
the chief of staff wanted every floor !
is it true that a delicious pickle ate every president under a fine sandwich ?
is it true that a perplexed chief of staff kissed the sandwich ?
every pickle ate the sandwich .
every chief of staff with every fine delicious president on the floor ate a president with the chief of staff !
is it true that a sandwich pickled a chief of staff in every president ?
a pickled sandwich pickled every delicious president .
every fine delicious perplexed floor understood the president .
the president wanted a floor under a floor .
is it true that a pickle with a chief of staff on the sandwich under every sandwich in every floor with the pickled chief of staff ate the sandwich ?
the president on every pickled president in the pickled sandwich with the sandwich wanted a sandwich on the floor .
a president in every perplexed president pickled every president .
a floor wanted the chief of staff .
is it true that a floor ate every chief of staff ?
is it true that a pickled sandwich kissed the perplexed chief of staff ?
the perplexed pickle in the pickle in a pickle kissed a president .
is it true that a fine pickle kissed a president ?
is it true that the sandwich pickled the pickle ?
is it true that every president wanted every delicious president ?
is it true that every floor on the chief of staff ate every pickle ?
the delicious floor under a sandwich pickled the pickle !
the pickle wanted every president !
is it true that every sandwich wanted a president ?
the chief of staff wanted every chief of staff on a delicious president with the chief of staff .
a president wanted a president !
the pickle wanted the delicious sandwich .
a pickle kissed the sandwich !
the pickle understood the chief of staff !
is it true that a pickled chief of staff in every floor pickled a sandwich ?
a president ate every fine delicious chief of staff in the floor .
a president on a president wanted the sandwich .
is it true that the sandwich kissed the president in a chief of staff in a chief of staff in every sandwich ?
the pickled chief of staff pickled every floor !
is it true that a chief of staff wanted the perplexed pickle ?
is it true that every pickle kissed every president ?
every delicious floor pickled a chief of staff !
the sandwich on every president wanted the chief of staff !
the pickle ate a delicious pickled pickle .
is it true that the perplexed chief of staff kissed a pickle ?
a president pickled a president .
is it true that the pickle with every chief of staff on a floor wanted the pickled delicious president ?
a perplexed pickle ate every sandwich !
the perplexed sandwich in every floor in a sandwich under the president on the chief of staff in a pickle with the fine pickle in a sandwich on the president on every delicious floor pickled a floor .
is it true that a president ate every floor under the sandwich in a pickle ?
the pickle ate a sandwich in a delicious floor .
the sandwich ate the pickle on the floor under the fine chief of staff on a floor in the pickle !
every perplexed pickle in every floor with the floor on the chief of staff in a floor ate a chief of staff under the chief of staff under a chief of staff .
a floor pickled the sandwich !
every fine floor ate every floor .
a delicious delicious president pickled a pickled floor .
is it true that a delicious president in every floor on the sandwich kissed the sandwich ?
is it true that a sandwich understood the chief of staff ?
the sandwich with the chief of staff pickled every sandwich .
is it true that every chief of staff ate the chief of staff ?
a sandwich kissed a fine sandwich !
the sandwich under the chief of staff ate every pickle .
is it true that a pickle kissed every pickle ?
a sandwich ate the chief of staff in a pickle in every sandwich under a pickle on every pickle with every pickle .
the floor under the sandwich understood every delicious sandwich .
is it true that a president under the sandwich in the floor under a pickle ate every president ?
the chief of staff ate the floor !
every pickle ate the fine pickle with the president .
every president with the president under the sandwich under the president on the sandwich wanted a pickle under the pickle with every pickle .
the fine perplexed president kissed the floor on the president .
a delicious pickle wanted a sandwich !
is it true that a president pickled the sandwich ?
the floor in every delicious president on a fine sandwich under a floor under the chief of staff understood the chief of staff !
is it true that a chief of staff ate a sandwich ?
is it true that the sandwich ate the perplexed pickle ?
is it true that the fine chief of staff under a pickle under every pickle with a pickle under every floor ate the chief of staff ?
is it true that the delicious sandwich kissed the sandwich ?
is it true that the chief of staff pickled every chief of staff ?
the pickle understood the floor .
the floor ate the delicious fine president with a sandwich !
every floor on the pickle under the floor wanted every delicious floor under a delicious pickle !
is it true that every president under a chief of staff understood every floor ?
every floor kissed a pickle .
is it true that the president ate every delicious chief of staff in every sandwich ?
is it true that every sandwich pickled a president ?
the chief of staff understood a delicious pickle .
the pickle kissed a pickled president !
the pickle understood a floor with a floor under a chief of staff !
is it true that a delicious president on a floor under the president with a floor in a floor under a sandwich with a pickle wanted the chief of staff ?
a sandwich ate every pickled pickle .
a president ate the president with the sandwich on the floor with a pickle .
the chief of staff on the sandwich pickled the delicious chief of staff .
every floor wanted a delicious perplexed floor in the president with every floor !
every sandwich wanted every president !
is it true that the president wanted a president on the president on a president ?
is it true that every floor ate the sandwich under the sandwich with every president ?
a president ate the chief of staff .
the floor ate the fine sandwich with every president !
every pickled sandwich wanted the pickle in the floor .
the pickle ate a pickle with every pickled sandwich under every pickle on a floor on a chief of staff under every president !
is it true that every floor kissed the president in the president on a pickle with a pickle on the sandwich with a fine pickle in the perplexed president ?
is it true that the fine floor wanted every pickle ?
the pickle wanted every perplexed president !
the president understood the pickle .
the sandwich on the floor under a chief of staff kissed a chief of staff .
the fine sandwich pickled a chief of staff !
every sandwich on a sandwich pickled a president in the perplexed president !
the sandwich wanted the pickle under the delicious sandwich .
is it true that a chief of staff kissed every perplexed chief of staff on the sandwich ?
is it true that a pickle pickled a pickle ?
a pickle wanted every sandwich on every sandwich !
a floor ate the chief of staff .
is it true that the chief of staff ate the perplexed president with every pickled chief of staff ?
a floor with a pickled delicious president on every fine pickle in the floor with a fine pickle in a floor on the pickle in the delicious delicious chief of staff pickled a president .
every chief of staff kissed every pickled floor .
is it true that the sandwich wanted the pickle ?
a sandwich pickled a sandwich !
is it true that the pickled chief of staff wanted the floor ?
the perplexed pickle kissed every pickle .
the floor kissed the pickle .
a sandwich on a chief of staff wanted the perplexed chief of staff !
the president kissed the floor !
the sandwich with a floor in every pickled president under a floor understood a floor !
is it true that the sandwich kissed the floor ?
the president with the chief of staff on the president on every floor in every pickled president in the pickle understood the president !
is it true that every fine president kissed a chief of staff ?
every perplexed sandwich kissed the perplexed pickled chief of staff with every fine president .
the sandwich ate the president !
the pickle with every floor understood every chief of staff in a chief of staff with every pickled chief of staff !
the perplexed sandwich wanted every floor in the delicious chief of staff .
a pickled delicious sandwich wanted every chief of staff !
is it true that a sandwich wanted every pickled fine sandwich ?
a president ate a pickle .
is it true that a perplexed sandwich kissed a floor ?
the pickle ate the president under the floor .
the sandwich understood the pickle in a president .
a pickle pickled the president .
is it true that the pickle pickled every delicious president ?
is it true that every floor pickled a sandwich ?
every delicious pickled pickle kissed the president under the floor .
a pickle ate a sandwich .
the sandwich pickled every chief of staff !
a president under every perplexed chief of staff with the floor wanted a president in the president !
the chief of staff under a floor wanted the sandwich .
is it true that a fine president wanted the pickle ?
is it true that the president with the sandwich in the pickled pickled president on the pickle with the fine chief of staff under the delicious pickle with a floor ate a pickled pickle ?
a perplexed floor on the pickle pickled the pickle on a floor .
every chief of staff ate the chief of staff .
is it true that the pickle wanted the chief of staff in the floor ?
the president wanted every president !
is it true that a chief of staff kissed a pickle ?
a fine chief of staff on a floor understood the delicious president !
is it true that the pickle ate every chief of staff ?
a floor on a president on the president on the pickled president wanted a fine chief of staff with a president .
is it true that the pickle ate every president ?
the president under the perplexed chief of staff understood a floor !
is it true that every perplexed floor on the chief of staff on a sandwich under every sandwich pickled a sandwich with a sandwich with the president with the chief of staff with the pickled president ?
a president on every chief of staff wanted the fine delicious perplexed chief of staff !
is it true that every chief of staff with the pickle kissed the sandwich with the pickle ?
every sandwich on every fine sandwich wanted every perplexed floor with the pickle under every chief of staff under a floor on the floor in the chief of staff !
is it true that a president understood the president ?
every pickle ate a president !
the floor in a pickle in a pickle kissed every chief of staff in every floor with the chief of staff under a chief of staff .
a delicious floor under a sandwich under every floor understood the president with a president .
the floor on every president kissed the perplexed sandwich in every pickle !
the delicious floor wanted the fine sandwich !
a delicious floor on every pickle understood every floor !
the fine sandwich wanted a floor with every pickle !
is it true that every sandwich wanted every pickle ?
the chief of staff ate the fine floor !
the floor with the perplexed pickle with the delicious pickle pickled the floor under the fine perplexed fine president .
is it true that a pickled chief of staff ate a floor ?
is it true that a president understood the sandwich on a perplexed delicious floor ?
every president pickled every sandwich !
is it true that the floor pickled a sandwich ?
the floor with a chief of staff on the president with every floor on the perplexed perplexed chief of staff on every pickle understood a president !
a delicious fine floor wanted every pickled president .
a president wanted a chief of staff !
is it true that a pickle in the pickled sandwich wanted the chief of staff ?
the pickle with a sandwich kissed the floor !
the pickled pickle kissed a sandwich .
is it true that the chief of staff kissed the delicious sandwich with the president under the floor with a floor ?
a pickle in a pickle kissed every chief of staff on the pickled pickle .
is it true that every chief of staff under every fine president understood the president in the perplexed president under the perplexed sandwich ?
every chief of staff wanted the perplexed perplexed pickle in a president under the pickle on a floor with the delicious perplexed floor under every floor !
the chief of staff pickled a president !
is it true that the chief of staff kissed the fine chief of staff in the chief of staff ?
a delicious delicious floor wanted a sandwich .
the pickle under a pickle ate a floor under the president in a chief of staff !
is it true that every pickle pickled the floor ?
the sandwich understood the pickle with every sandwich .
is it true that every president kissed every pickle on the fine delicious perplexed pickle on the pickle under a perplexed sandwich ?
is it true that every floor in a sandwich under a pickle under every pickle with a fine pickle with a delicious perplexed pickle under a president with a floor understood every president in every pickled chief of staff in every pickle under a pickled perplexed sandwich under every chief of staff on a chief of staff ?
a sandwich ate every perplexed chief of staff .
the delicious floor ate every floor !
a president ate every sandwich .
every president wanted the president .
is it true that a sandwich understood the floor ?
is it true that the pickle ate every president ?
every chief of staff ate every pickled delicious fine pickle !
the chief of staff ate a chief of staff !
a floor wanted a president !
is it true that a sandwich ate every pickle ?
a pickled president ate the president .
is it true that the chief of staff kissed every president ?
is it true that the pickle with the perplexed floor under every chief of staff on every floor with the sandwich under every sandwich under the president on the pickle ate a delicious president ?
is it true that a sandwich pickled every pickle under the president ?
every pickle on a chief of staff ate the floor !
a floor kissed every sandwich .
is it true that the pickle ate the delicious pickle ?
is it true that the fine chief of staff ate the perplexed president ?
a chief of staff wanted the pickled pickle .
is it true that every chief of staff pickled every fine president ?
every sandwich ate a president .
the president pickled the president .
the president wanted the delicious sandwich !
every president pickled every sandwich .
every fine sandwich on every floor ate the chief of staff in a floor !
a pickle pickled a sandwich under the floor .
a sandwich under the floor on the sandwich under every fine pickled president on the floor under a sandwich on the chief of staff ate the floor on the floor under the fine president .
is it true that every pickle on the president in a sandwich under the delicious fine perplexed pickle kissed the president ?
the perplexed president wanted the sandwich in the chief of staff .
the floor ate a pickled president with every floor with the fine sandwich !
every chief of staff understood a delicious sandwich .
a chief of staff wanted the pickle in a pickle under every pickle !
is it true that a chief of staff in the pickle kissed the floor on the delicious chief of staff ?
the floor kissed every chief of staff !
a fine president pickled every pickled president !
is it true that a president wanted every delicious president under a floor with every chief of staff in every pickle with the president ?
is it true that every sandwich on the chief of staff under every perplexed sandwich in every president on every president in every chief of staff under the delicious president wanted every pickled president in the floor ?
a president ate the floor with every sandwich .
the floor wanted the delicious delicious pickle !
a fine pickled delicious floor kissed a floor .
the chief of staff kissed the floor !
is it true that the floor wanted the floor on a floor ?
a perplexed president kissed every pickle .
every perplexed chief of staff understood the chief of staff .
is it true that a perplexed sandwich pickled the sandwich on the pickle ?
is it true that a chief of staff pickled every sandwich ?
the floor with every president wanted the chief of staff .
every delicious chief of staff understood the chief of staff !
the sandwich under a chief of staff kissed the president .
the pickle wanted a floor .
is it true that the pickle under the floor with the pickled pickled sandwich with a sandwich pickled a pickle ?
the delicious sandwich understood the fine floor on the chief of staff in the floor .
a floor on the president in a president on the floor ate a floor .
a pickle understood every delicious delicious pickle on the floor .
every president wanted every sandwich .
a pickle kissed a perplexed floor under every president with every pickle .
is it true that the pickled pickle on the chief of staff ate the pickle ?
the president kissed the sandwich !
is it true that the pickled sandwich on every chief of staff pickled the chief of staff in the delicious chief of staff under a pickle ?
a pickle kissed the president !
is it true that every sandwich wanted a perplexed perplexed floor ?
is it true that the pickle wanted a floor ?
is it true that every pickle wanted a sandwich ?
the sandwich on the fine pickled chief of staff understood the pickle .
is it true that the sandwich understood a pickle ?
the perplexed floor kissed the floor !
a president ate every chief of staff with the floor !
the sandwich wanted every chief of staff .
is it true that the pickle ate every floor ?
a chief of staff pickled a sandwich .
a president pickled a chief of staff on the delicious floor !
the sandwich kissed the perplexed floor in the perplexed sandwich .
a sandwich understood a delicious floor on the pickle under every floor with a sandwich !
is it true that the chief of staff wanted every perplexed pickle ?
is it true that a chief of staff in the pickle understood every pickle ?
a floor ate every sandwich !
every pickle wanted a floor .
a floor wanted the delicious sandwich on every chief of staff on every pickle .
the chief of staff understood every sandwich .
every fine chief of staff kissed every floor .
the sandwich kissed the fine fine pickle in every president with the floor on every president .
a floor pickled the floor .
a pickle wanted the floor .
a pickle understood every president under a delicious floor on a floor .
is it true that a floor understood the fine pickle in a sandwich on the chief of staff under every pickled perplexed sandwich on the sandwich ?
the chief of staff pickled a president in every sandwich .
is it true that every perplexed president ate every president in a floor in every fine pickle in the chief of staff on a fine floor in every floor ?
a delicious floor pickled a president with the president on every perplexed pickled perplexed floor under every pickled pickle !
is it true that the pickle kissed the sandwich in the pickle with the president ?
every chief of staff pickled a delicious chief of staff on every perplexed floor under the floor .
every sandwich pickled the floor .
every president with the fine pickle with the fine chief of staff understood a floor !
the president under the sandwich on every chief of staff on the perplexed president under the sandwich on the floor understood a pickle !
a floor wanted a chief of staff .
the fine sandwich with a fine floor pickled the sandwich .
the pickled pickle pickled the sandwich .
a president wanted the pickled sandwich on the floor .
the pickle on the pickle on a pickled floor with a sandwich in every sandwich under a chief of staff on a pickle on every chief of staff with the sandwich on a sandwich wanted a floor under a sandwich .
the pickle on every pickle understood the floor !
the pickle ate every president .
every chief of staff under the pickled pickled floor under every chief of staff with a pickle wanted the pickled president .
the chief of staff wanted a sandwich !
the sandwich in a pickled perplexed sandwich kissed the pickled chief of staff .
a floor wanted the sandwich !
is it true that the sandwich on the pickled fine fine pickle on every sandwich in the president pickled the fine sandwich ?
every delicious pickle ate a sandwich !
every chief of staff kissed the chief of staff .
is it true that the pickle kissed a pickled perplexed chief of staff ?
the pickle kissed a pickle !
a perplexed president wanted every sandwich !
the president wanted every chief of staff with the chief of staff in the sandwich in every sandwich !
is it true that a chief of staff with the pickled chief of staff under the pickle under a pickle with the pickle with the floor with every pickled president understood the fine pickle ?
the pickle kissed a chief of staff under a fine president !
the chief of staff in the chief of staff ate the pickle .
every pickle ate every president in the chief of staff in the president in the sandwich .
a president under every floor under every perplexed chief of staff pickled the floor with every president in a pickle !
the president with every floor in every fine president with the perplexed perplexed floor pickled every chief of staff .
is it true that the chief of staff ate the pickle ?
is it true that a president wanted the pickled sandwich in the floor under every perplexed floor in the sandwich with every perplexed floor ?
a chief of staff pickled every delicious pickle !
is it true that the sandwich wanted a pickled floor ?
every delicious fine president wanted the fine president with every floor !
the president kissed a floor .
is it true that a sandwich in the president understood the sandwich ?
the floor kissed every sandwich with the floor .
the chief of staff wanted the president !
is it true that a sandwich on the pickle understood a sandwich on the fine floor ?
is it true that the fine sandwich pickled a delicious chief of staff under a floor ?
is it true that the fine perplexed president under every pickle wanted every pickled floor ?
is it true that the floor wanted the president ?
the chief of staff wanted every pickle !
is it true that the floor kissed the chief of staff ?
is it true that every chief of staff wanted a delicious president ?
a chief of staff on the floor on every president on the chief of staff in a pickle with every sandwich kissed the floor .
a chief of staff wanted the sandwich .
a sandwich understood the floor !
a pickle on a perplexed sandwich pickled a pickle !
every president in a perplexed pickle in a chief of staff ate the chief of staff .
the president under a sandwich with every president in the sandwich on the president wanted a floor on the fine chief of staff !
is it true that the pickle kissed the president ?
is it true that every president pickled the president ?
a floor understood the sandwich .
is it true that a perplexed sandwich on the floor in every sandwich wanted a sandwich ?
is it true that a chief of staff wanted a pickle on the fine sandwich on a pickle ?
every sandwich under the chief of staff understood the floor .
